This king wants to kill you
But now only you can save the Supreme Emperor
This king still has a use for keeping your life
What was that surgery you were talking about?
Surgery is when you're lying in bed.
I have a knife
Row around on you
You are murder
I was saving lives
This king has never seen this way
The prince is short-sighted
You don't have to say it.
you
You still dislike this king
Exactly.
I was blind
Falling in love with someone you shouldn't
Now I understand.
Falling in love with you has no result
I won't pester you again
You better do what you say
You are smart
It is true that this king will not fall in love with you
I don't care if Qingqing is loving
My life
Take it if you want
If I were alive
Please don't embarrass me, Your Highness
At least during the treatment of the Supreme Emperor
Please bear with me
But if there is any problem with the emperor's grandfather
The king will be counted on your head
Then if I cure the Supreme Emperor
This credit
Will it be recorded on my head?
The King will have clear grievances
What do you want?
It can't be to make this king fall in love with you, right?
Your Highness, you think too much
If the Supreme Emperor is cured, I just ask you to divorce me
Let's break up
Never see you again